Changed plone instances to zope instances (#1836)
plone/documentation: docs/classic-ui/layers.md

Layers are marker interfaces applied to the {term}`HTTPRequest` object.
They are usually used in conjunction with Zope Configuration Mark-up Language ({term}`ZCML`) directives to dynamically activate various parts of the configuration, such as theme files or add-on product functionality.

> Layers ensure that only one add-on product can override the specific Zope instance functionality in your site at a time, while still allowing you to have possibly conflicting add-on products in your buildout and ZCML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layers ensure that only one add-on product can override the specific Zope view in your site at a time, while still allowing you to have possibly conflicting add-on products in your buildout and ZCML.
```

> Multiple Plone site instances can share the same ZCML and code files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple Plone sites can share the same ZCML and code files.
```
